tikv: update the default value of compaction-guard-min-output-file-si… (#13972) (#14287)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

### `retry-interval`

> + The interval for retrying the PD connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The interval for retrying to initialize the PD connection
```

### `compaction-guard-min-output-file-size`

+ The minimum SST file size when the compaction guard is enabled. This configuration prevents SST files from being too small when the compaction guard is enabled.

> + Default value: Starting from v7.2.0, the default value is changed from `"8MB"` to `"1MB"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Default value: Starting from v7.1.1, the default value is changed from `"8MB"` to `"1MB"`
```
